README.md, before:

# 🧬 Life

This repository contains the data for [Carlo Badini](https://carlobadini.com)'s life. It's based on [AnandChowdhary/life](https://github.com.com/AnandChowdhary/life), a template to track your life data.

[![Daily CI](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/workflows/Daily%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Daily+CI%22)
[![Weekly CI](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/workflows/Weekly%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Weekly+CI%22)
[![Node CI](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/workflows/Node%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Node+CI%22)

**View my life data: https://carlobadini.com/body-mind/**

### Added services

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
| Service | API |
| ------- | --- |
| <img alt="" src="https://images.weserv.nl/?url=https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcS5cnw0MQF7TnpSzlRTlIC6z4EHDEPP3B8qBw&usqp=CAU&w=64&h=64&fit=cover" width="12"> Rescue Time | [`src/api/rescuetime.ts`](./src/api/rescuetime.ts) |
| <img alt="" src="https://images.weserv.nl/?url=https://static1.ouraring.com/images/symbol-oura-large-white.svg&w=64&h=64&fit=cover&mask=circle" width="12"> Oura Ring | [`src/api/oura-ring.ts`](./src/api/oura-ring.ts) |
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## 📄 License

- Code: [MIT](./LICENSE) © [Anand Chowdhary](https://carlobadini.com)
- Data in [`./data`](./data): [Open Database License](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1-0/) [Carlo Badini](https://carlobadini.com)
- Icons in [`./src/app`](./src/app)
  - Loader: [CC BY 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) © [Rohith M S](https://thenounproject.com/rohithdezinr)

Commit message:

:pencil: Update README text, badges

README.md, after:

# 🧬 Carlo's Life

This repository contains the data for [Carlo Badini](https://carlobadini.com)'s life. It's based on [Stethoscope](https://github.com/stethoscope-js/stethoscope), a template to track your health and life data.

[![Stethoscope CI](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/workflows/Stethoscope%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Stethoscope+CI%22)
[![Update Template CI](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/workflows/Update%20Template%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/carlobadini/life/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Update+Template+CI%22)

**View my life data: https://carlobadini.com/body-mind/**

## 🌟 Services

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
| Service |
| ------- |
| <img alt="" src="https://images.weserv.nl/?url=https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcS5cnw0MQF7TnpSzlRTlIC6z4EHDEPP3B8qBw&usqp=CAU&w=64&h=64&fit=cover" width="12"> Rescue Time |
| <img alt="" src="https://images.weserv.nl/?url=https://static1.ouraring.com/images/symbol-oura-large-white.svg&w=64&h=64&fit=cover&mask=circle" width="12"> Oura Ring |
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## 📄 License

- Based on: [stethoscope-js/stethoscope](https://github.com/stethoscope-js/stethoscope)
- Code: [MIT](./LICENSE) © [Anand Chowdhary](https://anandchowdhary.com)
- Data in [`./data`](./data): [Open Database License](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1-0/) © Carlo Badini](https://carlobadini.com)
